Source: The Diamondback - "Vegetarian students at UMD voice concerns about Yahentamitsi dining hall"
URL: https://dbknews.com/2022/10/19/vegetarian-students-umd-yahentamitsi-dining-hall/
Date: October 19, 2022

The University of Maryland's newest dining hall, Yahentamitsi, has presented challenges to vegetarian students with mislabeled food and scarce options.

Eight years ago, Melanie Morford began her journey as a vegetarian. After almost a decade of dedication, her lifestyle would be interrupted on Sept. 5, when a mislabeling error mistakenly caused her to ingest meat at Yahentamitsi Dining Hall.

"It was a pasta dish that they had labeled as being vegetarian," the freshman said. "I realized after a couple bites that it had meat in it."

Morford's experience was not singular. Amedeo Rosenfield, a freshman aerospace engineering major, had a similar confrontation with meat in Yahentamitsi. Also a vegetarian, mislabeling caused Rosenfield to ingest meat during his second week of classes.

"It was a pasta with white sauce," Rosenfield said. "It said vegetarian, so then I got it. There was chicken in it."

Morford and Morgan Carnell expressed their overall disappointment with the vegetarian options available in Yahentamitsi, specifically its lack of variety.

"It's mainly just carbs. There's not very much fake meat at all being used," Morford said. "It could be a lot better."

Dining Services spokesperson Bart Hipple said he is aware of the mislabeling issue. He explained their process for the counter card labels is thorough and leaves little room for mislabeling errors. The cooking, marketing and nutrition teams all have their eyes on the counter cards before they are placed.

"It's a multi-step vetting process," Hipple said. "Each group of these three people has had their eyes on the cards three times before they're printed."

"I am a little skeptical about the labels of whether or not the foods have meat in them or not," Carnell said.

Rosenfield advised students with dietary restrictions to only eat food at dining halls if they know for sure what is in it.

"It's created trust issues with eating in the dining hall because I'm just a lot more conscientious now of what I'm eating," Morford said.

"It's all an evolutionary process. We want to have the vegetarian experience to have good flavors but also real good nutrition. We want there to be enough variety and change day to day," Hipple said.