Source: The Diamondback - "College Park eateries need to take responsibility for unsafe food practices"
URL: https://dbknews.com/2019/09/30/umd-college-park-salmonella-moby-dick-health-violation/
Date: September 30, 2019
Author: Kevin Hu, sophomore physiology and neurobiology major

r/UMD is a hub for University of Maryland students on Reddit to share information — and, occasionally, unflattering pictures of dining hall food. From moldy bread to worm-infested fruit, there's no telling what mystery ingredients you might find in your next meal.

Recently, hummus from Moby Dick — which has an on-campus location — was linked to a cluster of salmonella infections. Among the nine individuals who contracted salmonella, five of them are part of this university's community.

In the wake of various other food violations over the past year, it's absurd that this university isn't doing more to protect its students' welfare. Dining halls and restaurants near this university should undergo more frequent and rigorous safety inspections.

Despite the obvious health code violations presented on r/UMD, I have never once received an email from this university notifying me of any of these incidents, or even a vague announcement concerning potential risks of certain foods from the dining halls.

No one should be paying upwards of $2,000 a semester to find worms in their food.

Last semester, a restaurant on campus closed down due to an excessive amount of mice activity observed within the store. Droppings were observed throughout the establishment, including the food prep area. The restaurant never released a public announcement about the health hazards.

Food safety violations pervade our campus to the point that it's almost ingrained into our culture. It's alarming how desensitized we've become to the point that we joke about the disgusting things students find in their food.

Students have posted photos on r/UMD of moldy bread found at North Diner and worm-infested fruit found in dining hall food. These incidents were never officially addressed by the university in communications to students.