Source: r/collegeparkmd - "Vegan food" thread
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/collegeparkmd/comments/1bumvhu/vegan_food/

POST: Hi guys, I'm thinking of moving to College Park to pursue my PhD at UMD. I am vegan, so I wanted to ask people whether College Park is a vegan friendly city. Any thoughts would be helpful!

COMMENTS:

SmilaxRosa: In the Northern end of town, Mom's Organic Market has a cafe, Naked Lunch, that has very good vegan bowl food. Mom's sells plenty of vegan ingredients, as do other grocery stores in town. There are plenty of options, you'll be fine. Lots of the local restaurants also have vegan options on the menu.

Embarrassed-Law-827: Naked Lunch is a fantastic deal. It's one of the most inexpensive, high nutrition meals I have ever seen.

giraflor: I'm not vegan, but there are many vegan dining options in College Park. We just had carry out from Nu Vegan Cafe on Rt. One. If you check out miXt Food Hall, go when they have Trivia Night, but be careful about parking as they ticket. Seconding Bus Boys and Poets. The tofu scramble is my brunch fave.

rubyrvd: As others said, there are plenty of vegan options for groceries and dining out in the College Park area. For even more variety, DC is a short trip away and has many options. Others already have listed several restaurants we like: Krazi Kebob (College Park), Seolspice (College Park), New Deal Cafe (Greenbelt), Gangster Vegan (Riverdale Park), Le Fantome Food Hall (Riverdale Park), Shagga (Hyattsville), Spice 6 (Hyattsville), Pizza Paradiso (Hyattsville), Mush (Brenwood), Dodahs's Kitchen (Mt. Rainier), Eden's Kitchen (just over state line in DC). There's also Glut Co-op (Mt. Rainier), several decent farmers markets, and some vegetarian/vegan events/festivals in DC.

CivilPls: In addition to Nu Vegan Cafe, Taim Mediterranean Kitchen offers many vegan options. For bowls and salads Roots Natural Kitchen is fantastic. Sweetgreen and Chopt should be good options too. The food scene in College Park has become really good in the last decade or so.

CPFarmersMarket: We have vegan food at our farmers market Saturdays. Check out Mallardi's Kitchen (food truck) and Puzzle Pieces (near Miller Farms) for vegan cuisine and bakery. Open 8am-1pm at 5211 Campus Dr, College Park MD.

crucial_loaf: Plenty of options, ~90% fast casual. Nu Vegan is a fully vegan sub shop. There are thai, chinese, and korean places, pizza places that have vegan cheese and sausage, a brewery that does vegan hot dogs. Whole Foods and Trader Joe's for shopping. You can walk to the Metro and be in DC within 10 minutes. And if you're a student, the UMD dining halls might be a good choice! The dining hall at my PhD alma mater rocked at vegan food.

adarisc: I'm vegan and just moved to College Park, Mom's Organic Market is fantastic for vegans IMO. I'm pretty sure there are plenty of great options when eating out as well.

Imaginary_Case_8884: I'm not vegetarian but I would estimate that College Park has more vegan friendly than anywhere else in Prince Georges County.