Source: r/UMD - "South is literally unsafe to eat at right now." thread
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/UMD/comments/1sln2xn/south_is_literally_unsafe_to_eat_at_right_now/

POST: For weeks now the temperature indoors has been over 90 degrees, consistently hotter than outdoors. It's especially bad at the counters where all the food is, where dining employees need to stand their entire shift. I feel awful watching them carry napkins in an attempt to fan themselves. I'm not sure if this is a dishwasher issue, but the plates in the trays are often extremely hot to the touch. I have blisters on my fingers from grabbing a plate a couple days ago. The same goes for some of the tongs. They are genuinely painful to hold. Something needs to change for the safety of students and employees. South should temporarily shut down rather than subject everyone to this heat.

COMMENTS:

TheCrowWhisperer3004: The buildings will switch to AC probably sometime soon. Unfortunately this is just an issue with older buildings. It's a whole process to switch from AC to Heat and vice versa. They have to pick a day where they know it'll never get too cold afterwards to switch to AC.

Armenia2019: +1 about the plates. Got tired of burning my hands.

swamblies: AC on South Hill just turned on, so I'd assume it'll be on soon in the diner. It's just an unfortunate byproduct of these old buildings HVAC systems.

Glittering_Service19: It's kind of insane. It's way less hazardous to people's health to just turn on the AC. UMD treats its students and staff like fucking shit. Good school, but jesus christ.

KiltedDave53: As a former Chef I can vouch for the fact that not ALL commercial kitchens are air conditioned. Dishes coming out of the commercial dishwashers are hot. Health departments dictate the temperature and sanitizing requirements.

Expert_Tie_4556: I feel like 90 degrees isn't good for food safety. I think I would go with the Y or 251 until whatever is going on is fixed. I eat at the Y often and temps in the building have been fine.

MilkChocolateDrop: Common sense isn't common with this school's administration. UMD refuses to uphold basic health and safety in favor of running this school like a business.