Source: r/UMD - "Best dining hall?" thread
URL: https://www.reddit.com/r/UMD/comments/1n2m95e/best_dining_hall/

POST: What's the best dining hall on campus in terms of quality? I'm not a picky eater so variety doesn't matter too much to me. I just wanna make sure the food is worth my meal plan!

COMMENTS:

Thedaniel4999: Depends on the type of food imo. The Y is consistently good but always packed and the layout is kinda weird. Has the best Thai/Chinese food. 251 is kinda out of the way but has the best Italian food, pizza, and burgers. South campus diner is close to the center of campus and is pretty solid for everything but not really stellar for anything imo.

sin-omelet: People are sleeping on South in these replies. South has specials/rotates more often than the Y in my experience (ex. Ramen night, pasta to order night, etc.) and has good rotations. They also have focaccia sometimes which is really good and I like the dessert selection more too. The south stir fry clears the Y stir fry imo mostly bc you don't have to wait in line. 251 is not even in the question imo. South burgers clear 251 burgers. 251's ice cream is the only thing going for it.

DesignerBulky4742: youll learn that 251 is the best one.

LilSimi: the Y but its usually so crowded. South is still very good and you pretty much know what to expect every week.

Brokenxwingx: Yahentamitsi is good. It's one of the best dining halls on any college campus IMO.

covearth: Yahentamitsi or the Y is the best by FAR. However it is always very crowded. 251 has really good salads. South campus dining has good sandwiches and always has a good protein option.

TransTabletop: 251, good food and never crowded.

khironinja: Oh it gets crowded for sure, especially since it's smaller than the other two and now that everyone is recommending it and the school is having more events there.

Strong_Hat9809: The Y clears the other dining halls for lunch and dinner, it's not as good as 251 for breakfast tho.

TheCrowWhisperer3004: Quality is consistent ish but the variety is the big difference. 251 is probably a little ahead in quality but they have the worst option variety. If you have ANY dietary restrictions, 251 is probably the worst, and yahentamitsi is the best in terms of actually being able to find something you can eat that is good.

BlueGallade475: I personally liked the Y and South Campus. South campus always had sandwiches and the Y has a lot of healthy food options.

Schneewittchen71: 251 for quiet and quality.

wrenawrena: The Y gets so crowded especially around the middle of the year and I feel like it sacrifices quality for quantity because of this. South is very solid if you know what to look for. They have a make-your-own stir fry station, a make-your-own wrap station, a make-your-own sandwich station, and sometimes they have a ramen or omelet station. It's very customizable.