Source: UMD Dining Services - Allergies and Special Diets
URL: https://dining.umd.edu/nutrition-allergies-and-special-diets/allergy

We want you to eat confidently and enjoy great food. Our nutrition staff is prepared to help you manage your allergy, food intolerance, or dietary restrictions.

ALLERGY AND FOOD INTOLERANCE SUPPORT

If you have an allergy or food intolerance, we are ready to assist you. Our team can help identify suitable food choices from the menu and, if necessary, arrange for specially prepared meals. We recommend filling out our allergy/intolerance form to introduce yourself and communicate any dietary restrictions.

SPECIAL DIETS

We are ready to assist you in discovering which foods meet your dietary requirements. We recommend filling out our special diets form to introduce yourself and communicate your dietary protocol.

THE PURPLE ZONE

The Purple Zone is a station in 251 North and South Campus Dining Hall where the food is free of the eight most common allergens: dairy, peanuts/tree nuts, eggs, sesame, soy, fish, gluten, and shellfish.

Purple Zones are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, serving many of the same menu items found at other stations — allergen free. Purple Zone menus change every meal and repeat after four weeks. Trained chefs wear purple chef coats and trained servers wear purple aprons.

The Purple Zone at 251 North is certified Free From by MenuTrinfo — accreditation meets ISO 17065 standards as free from nine common food allergens.

THE GOOD FOOD / GLUTEN FREE STATION

The Good Food / Gluten Free Station at Yahentamitsi Dining Hall is certified gluten free by MenuTrInfo.

THE PURPLE FREEZER

Each dining hall has a Purple Freezer containing packaged entree and dessert items from popular brands such as Udi's, Amy's, Daiya and Enjoy Life. Food items in the Purple Freezer are NOT free from ALL top eight allergens — they are marked with the allergens that they do contain.

IMPORTANT: If you are in a dining hall and want an immediate answer to a specific allergen question, ask the manager or chef on duty. Front line servers may not be qualified to discuss specific allergens. There is always a manager and chef on duty.

If you have been prescribed an Epi-Pen, carry it with you everywhere. Each dining hall also has an Epi-Pen on site.

Many students follow specific diets and we accommodate students who eat vegan, vegetarian or follow other plans. Contact the nutrition team at nutrition@umd.edu for questions.

PROGRAM AWARDS
2025: NACUFS Grand Prize for Nutrition; NACUFS Gold Innovative Wellness and Nutrition; NACUFS Bronze Special Diets: Purple Zone
2024: MenuTrinfo Best University Allergy Program; NACUFS Gold Innovative Wellness and Nutrition